#EasyTravels-database-in-MSSQL
This repository is for my Advanced Database CA. This is the relational database created in MS-SQL DBMS. 

#Business Scenario
Easy Travel is a system developed for a Tour packages management company to handle their travel/tour packages. 
It also provides features for managing and engaging their customers. The system is designed in such a way that every employee 
of the company will be able to use it and will perform operation they are allowed to. Every employee has a specific role which constraint
them to performs specific task based on their roles. System is designed in such a way that employees can have many roles and
there can be many employees of one role. The system can also be used for creating a customer's booking and also for entering 
the enquiries generated by the customer. For any enquiries customer contacts, the employee of the company based on their role 
and then enquiry gets entered into the system by employee. Customer can make booking on their own from a website of company 
based on available packages. Further reports can be generated using the system based on multiple factors like customers booking,
enquiries, types of packages available etc.

#Business Requirements
1. Employees should be able to login to the system, and their session should be maintained.
2. Employees should be able to create holiday/tour packages.
3. Employees should be able to update package details
4. There should be functionality to search through the packages itinerary.
5. Employees should be able to retrieve bookings created by customers with package details.
6. Employees should be able to see the number of package based on package type
7. On Deletion of Customer entry, all the enquiries associated with that customer will be deleted. 

It contains usages of stored procedure, functions, triggers, views, XML data designed in MSSQL RDBMS.
